# Meeting Minutes

## Meeting Information

- **Date:** 1/25/24
- **Start Time:** 1:35 pm
- **End Time:** 3:09 pm
- **Present Attendees:** Matt, Ryan, Kevin, Justin, Jeremy, McHale
- **Absent Attendees:** n/a
- **Scribe:** McHale

## Sprint Recap

- We noticed that we needed to focus more on documenting our meeting minutes, the functional specifications, the requirements, and the Gantt chart. We delegated the process so everyone either revised or created a part of the documentation. As such, we have decided to postpone the development period until the documentation and planning period is complete.
- All group members came prepared to discuss the selection of hubs during this meeting.

## Agenda

- [X] Prepare for checkpoint 1
- [X] Decide hubs

## Synopsis

- **Ryan:** High effort simulation, medium-high effort time-table
- **Matt:** Brainstorming simulation tactics with a clock and class for altering time
- **Jeremy** recommends using DateTime library.
- **Group decision:** Python and C# are both considered potential primary programming languages at the moment.
- **Jeremy** and **Ryan** began the requirements doc.
- To be prepared for checkpoint one we must complete the functional specification document, the Gantt/PERT chart, and our test plan.
- For our hubs, we decided on _Newark Liberty International Airport_, _Los Angeles International Airport_, _Chicago Midway International Airport_, and _Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport_ because these airports offer a hub in each of the four major regions of the US (northeast, central, south, and the west coast) while also being among the most populated metro areas.
- For the defect log, we can use Jira. Jira supports bug issue types which streamlines tracking and fixing bugs. If this is not sufficient documentation we will default back to a spreadsheet with the necessary attributes for each bug entry.

## Action Items

| **Assignee**    | **Task**                                                                        | **Due Date** |
|-----------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|
| Matt            | Refactor all of the meeting minutes                                            | 2/1/24       |
| Jeremy          | Complete the requirements document                                              | 2/1/24       |
| Ryan            | Complete the functional specification document                                  | 2/1/24       |
| McHale          | Complete the Gantt Chart                                                        | 2/1/24       |
| Matt            | Push the docker to the main branch                                              | 2/1/24       |
| All members     | Come prepared to discuss what we need to make our generalized timetable          | 2/1/24       |
| All members     | Get the docker working on each member's machine and make a test commit to the DB | 2/1/24       |
